Welcome to the new series of
apps today with another review
Today from the company pipe and that is the
watch potsdam but high analog in the
steel 11 678 b
You look very beautiful
tempered mineral glass cheer
this is a very nice but
made of stainless steel with 18 mm diameter
So 18 centimeters we have one
Housing diameter of 7 30 mm or him
yet 3.7 centimeters weight 120 grams
so not too heavy and still
that is a very excellent one
Processing is cheap for your stars
really worked very high quality
been
you have above date display and
It could even be 10 bar waterproof than could
I also need to take a swim
no fear happens to all of them
pants extra tested
then it must also be very important that the
outer limbs are marked here and
the inner beautifully polished she has one
white dial with polished index
and show the twelve is in Roman
Of course, numerals are also written very much
looks cool and she has a gray
lette with note scale rome has one here
security folding clasp you can
just open it when you click on this
two buttons are here on the side
postpone the man
so that it has the subjects adapt gear
you can watch the clock from below
out of the but has normal chic logo
it
the model name
in the case 11 678 b
what is for gothic of the crt mtv and yes
So look out of real ugly
processed stainless steel yes that should
have been with the watches review
you can gladly visit wisag on the page
by technologies de.com I write
one more time, a further description
purely because he is still extremely many others
culture action just everything
browse and dangerous yes what and
yes that was it again from me
I wish you a nice day and
See you at the next interview